IAM - Idenity Access Management
Can create users, groups, roles and policies
Policies are assigned to groups, and limit what users are able to do
Users are to be assigned a role and permissions, these can be modified
Connecting to databases uses roles, as opposed to user strings
Attribute-based access control (ABAC) is an authorization strategy you can use to create fine-grained permissions based on user attributes, such as department, job role, and team name
Policies have -
	Actions - Which AWS service actions you allow
	Resources - Which AWS resources you allow the action on
	Effects - Whether to allow or deny access.
	Conditions - Which conditions must be present for the policy to take effect.


VPC - Virtual Private Cloud
enables you to launch AWS resources into a virtual network that you've defined.
These must be paired with others to share resources 
There are different subnets within each region
There is no additional charge for using a VPC
different subnets within different VPC's
A VPC spans all of the Availability Zones in the Region.
A VPC must have an IPv4 CIDR block associated with it. You can optionally associate multiple IPv4 CIDR blocks and multiple IPv6 CIDR blocks to your VPC.



NAT Gateways
You can use a NAT gateway so that instances in a private subnet can connect to services outside your VPC but external services cannot initiate a connection with those instances. 
NAT Gateways give internet access to subnets. You must specify a NAT Gateway with a connectivity type of public or private. 
In public, Instances in private subnets can connect to the internet through a public NAT gateway, but cannot receive unsolicited inbound connections from the internet
In private, Instances in private subnets can connect to other VPCs or your on-premises network through a private NAT gateway. You can route traffic from the NAT gateway through a transit gateway or a virtual private gateway
Regarding pricing, you are charged for each hour that your NAT gateway is available and each Gigabyte of data that it processes.
A NAT gateway supports the following protocols: TCP, UDP, and ICMP, and NAT gateways are supported for IPv4 or IPv6 traffic.
You can associate exactly one Elastic IP address with a public NAT gateway. You cannot disassociate an Elastic IP address from a NAT gateway after it's created.
By default, IAM users do not have permission to work with NAT gateways. You can create an IAM user policy that grants users permissions to create, describe, and delete NAT gateways.
